Update readme and env (#12)
gdcn1/app: README.md

```
docker-compose down
```

> ## The instruction below tested on Ubuntu 18.04

Reviewer: Это получается не нужно

### Run application in terminal

#### Install Nodejs

> Firs add the Node Source repository and install Nodejs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Ubuntu linux [Node Source](https://github.com/nodesource/distributions) repository can be used to install NodeJS
```

```
curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_12.x | sudo -E bash -
sudo apt install nodejs
```

> This project requries a PSQL database to run. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project requires a PostgreSQL database to run. 
```

#### Run database
```

> sudo docker run -it -p 5432:5432 -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password postgres

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run -it -p 5432:5432 -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password postgres
```
sudo looks odd.

```

> Clone projec and then cd into both Project Directories in 2 different terminal windows and then install the dependencies  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone project repository and change directory to the repository in two terminal windows
```

#### 1st window Client
The "Client" directory contains the React code.
```
cd Client
npm install
npm start
```

#### 2nd window Server
The "Server" directory contains the code for the node.js express server. 
```
cd Server
npm install
npm run custom
```

> #### Run command `npm start` and `npm run custom` both the server and client at the same time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As both command `npm start` and `npm run custom` are running application frontend will be available at  http://localhost:3000
```
